thunder in the city

light of the avenger
increasing unease

pop idol: brain
girl student: conspiracy theorist
journalist
patient
shrine maiden
boy student
rich man's daughter

3: boy student
4: rich man's daughter
5: shrine maiden

thoughts: this script is in an awkward spot, since it requires a fair bit of skill to solve and because it's very long, yet it's a first steps script. the kind of people who would like this script would definitely be good at this game, and if that's the case, why play a first steps script with them? maybe if some people haven't played it before and some have? anyways, this script is meant to introduce the players to deep bluffing and trickery, 'coverups' in other words. to do that, we have the brain and increasing unease subplot to obfuscate who the brain is. loop 1, you should try to place an intrigue on the city, school, and hospital. I'd put the 2 on the city since it's most important and they're less likely to block it, and one on the hospital to make it easier to set the incident off (if you definitely don't want the incident, you can also do school). then, you want to set off the hospital incident by placing a paranoia AND using the contheorist's ability on the boy student on day 3, to surprise the protagonists, while placing paranoia on other people to bluff the culprits. alternately, if they blocked on hospital or something, try to get them to block there again for the free school intrigue, move the journalist or pop idol over (journalist probably better) and/or trigger missing person so that you can go for the place to protect bluff. in future loops, try to confuse the protagonists about who and where the brain is, and who does the hospital incident. the presence of the murder incident makes it harder to bluff that RMD does the hospital incident, but makes it easier to bluff place to protect and ultimately a hideous script. slowly, more and more things will be revealed over the course of five loops. it's subtle, it's a marathon, and it requires GOOD play from the protagonists to have any chance at all, but I hope and think it does a suitable job introducing the more trickery focussed side of looper.
