ode to satoshi

fated connections
witches' tea time
love-hate spiral

RMD: obstinate
scientist: serial killer
patient: friend
boy student: witch
pop idol: witch
office worker: conspiracy theorist
mystery boy: factor
henchman: friend
alien
godly being (two loops from the end)

1: suicide (pop idol)
2: suicide (henchman) (fake)
3: suicide (boy student)
4: suicide (RMD)

special rule: know that mystery boy is not the ninja. forbid goodwill no longer forbids goodwill, but the mastermind keeps it in hand

advice: You want to guarantee the Rich Man's Daughter kills herself on day 4, every time. So, be sure to put paranoia on her whenever she's not at 2. If you're clever about this, you can ensure that she always becomes the key person and always dies as the key person, meaning the protagonists can never win a loop. If they don't goodwill her day 1, this means they will never learn her role. That means you just need to win loop 1. This is easily accomplished as long as they don't move someone into the hospital or move the scientist out, on day 1. My preferred day 1 move is, for that reason, putting +1 paranoia on the RMD and Pop Idol, and either moving the boy student into the city (thereby away from the RMD, making it seem like you're afraid he will remove her paranoia, while also setting up for day 3 incident) or putting +1 intrigue on the shrine. Your call, the second one is safer but the first one may be better overall. Try to get off all of the incidents you can (since you have contheorist and a single paranoia to place each day using your cards) while making the serial killer move to crowded locations so that he doesn't kill anyone else. In the end, you'll probably end up bluffing either 1. Prophet or 2. Showtime of death. The Godly Being and Alien are the people you want to bluff have those roles. For that purpose, try to ensure that they don't die, that any incidents that happen occur in a different location from them, and that you do not play cards on them. I made it so they can't mistake the mystery boy as ninja, so if they successfully 1. find all the refusal people, 2. kill all the friends, 3. colocate the prophet candidates with the incident culprits (especially RMD). They can then process of eliminate their way to the answer. DO NOT put 2 intrigue on the city or the henchman's starting location, except for the final loop (so you can't lose without losing RMD) (I usually start hench in city for the contheorist access for day 2 incident). 
