name: last gift of the god of freedom

main: change of future
sub: hidden freak
sub: love affair

doctor - time traveler
alien - serial killer
office worker - loved one
girl student - lover
RMD - friend
informer - cultist
police officer - person
patient - person
mystery boy - conspiracy theorist

1: informer
2: alien
3: RMD
4: doctor
5: girl student
6: patient

advice: Here are a few crazy things you can do to win: 1. hide the serial killer loop 1 (and 2 if they let you) by moving her into the school and suiciding her using the conspiracy theorist (second loop you may need to move Mboy up instead). Then win via patient shenanigans, but use intrigue cards and missing person to bluff giant time bomb, sealed item, and/or sign with me 2. use increasing unease to set off either the loved one, spreading, or butterfly effect, depending on what you need. spreading is good because you can remove goodwill from the time traveler (great). loved one is obviously insanely good. and butterfly effect sometimes needs that little extra push. 3. try to kill the girl student (lover) before the RMD (friend). then you can autowin with the office worker's ability without showing the friend first. This doesn't apply if they already goodwilled OW of course. 4. bluff that the informer, cop, and patient are all cultists. you can lock your protags out of this info until they start pressuring you actively by threatening to win. remember you can use spreading to help deny this info as well. they should be strapped for goodwill between all the crazy abilities that are on the loose (doc, alien, OW, mboy, these two). Anyways, this is your final guess mainstay. 5. don't forget to move the doctor out of the hospital. if you aggressively move him orthogonally to the hospital it's absolutely impossible for them to get him back inside. ideally you do this day 1 of later loops, then they're forced to use his 3-cost ability to deal with butterfly effect. You should basically always do this for the first two loops. 6. use doctor aggressively if you need to, to obfuscate the serial killer. if you can hide SK for 2 loops you're really set 7. the office worker and alien's movement restrictions make him a lot harder to kill. it takes a pretty huge amount of card investment to actually use his ability, and you typically can't do so while keeping the contheorist hidden either. 8. Missing person can allow you to add intrigue to locations (useful for bluffing), kill the RMD (another wincon), and prevent the protagonists from figuring out the time traveler with the serial killer. 9. the most important thing you can do is hide the alien-SK from them for as long as possible. 10. That said, if the SK dies and the mystery boy is already gone, you're in kind of an awkward position. So prioritize saving the mystery boy in later loops. 
