Insanity Defense

Murder Plan
Smell of Gunpowder
An Absolute Will

Office worker: key person
doctor: brain
shrine maiden: killer
godly being (1): obstinate
patient: serial killer
class rep
journalist
forensic specialist
scientist

2: suicide (scientist)
4: serial murder (journalist)
5: serial murder (journalist)
6: serial murder (godly being)
7: suspicious letter (office worker)

advice: first loop, move the office worker into the hospital, and aim for a day 2 kill with the serial killer. you will then have three loops remaining, and here are some ways you can win: 1. use the doctor's ability and place paranoia on the office worker and patient, resulting in an easy win with smell of gunpowder. 2. kill everyone you possibly can and move the others out of the hospital, and then add paranoia to the office worker and suspicious letter him into the hospital on the final day. 3. use the murders (any) to surprise kill the office worker. 4. use suspicious letter to move the office worker into the killer's location on the final day (2 intrigue required). You can also just use either killer ability raw, but that's harder because of location restrictions. but if you threaten both killer abilities, you'll have a better shot since they'll have to pick who they want to confine to the city on which days, but you have to be careful since they might serial kill the shrine maiden.

you can pretend you're in strychnine by triggering the killer's ability on the day of the second incident (especially good if that incident is suspicious letter), you can bluff that you're in hidden freak if you never use the smell of gunpowder wincon, and try and pick a person to hide as the friend. you can hide the killer, or mix the killer's identity up between a few people, if you need to. you can bluff you're in tricky twins if you never reveal the godly being is the obstinate (either by killing her or playing paranoia on her), and the scientist is the twin. as for the scientist, I typically like to place paranoia on him and kill him if I'm going for the day 7 sus letter win (so that there's one less person to move out of the hospital), or place paranoia on him and keep him alive if I'm going for gunpowder (and in that case, the paranoia also allows you to bait doctor goodwill). if you want to keep him alive, (which typically happens if you want to prevent people from dying to hide the friend or keep the villains alive), then just place intrigue on him instead. if you're consistently suiciding him, you can bluff that he has mandatory refusal, but that's kinda niche and best used if you're bluffing he's paranoiac or obstinate.
