the only thing we have to fear

tightrope plan
the smell of gunpowder
an absolute will

alien: killer
informer: obstinate
AI: serial killer
soldier: brain
shrine maiden
journalist
class rep
transfer student (day 2)
office worker
police officer

2: faked suicide (alien)
3: increasing unease (informer)
4: suicide (office worker)
5: suicide (class rep)
6: suicide (transfer student)

advice: this is a script that only an accountant should mastermind. originally, your best option is to trigger tightrope plan for the first loop, since it will be difficult for them to figure out culprits initially. then, once they realize tightrope plan is being offered, they'll start to put paranoia on everyone, and that's your time to strike using the smell of gunpowder. some strategies that might help you stretch this out to all three loops is if you serial kill the informer. note that, by taking careful advantage of alien, you can either recover a loop you're about to lose (by surprise killing the protagonists out of nowhere), or obfuscate the suicide culprits even further (by killing the protagonists with the killer's ability, maybe even after getting faked suicide off). once alien is revealed, you've created another obstacle that they have to play around, especially since you can mix whether you're going for faked suicide or +2 intrigue on her during the first two days.

by the way, you have 12 paranoia that you can place manually (2 each day), as well as 2 bonus paranoia you can get from informer's incident. since they have 4 -1 paranoia's (if you want you can block access to one of them but I don't recommend it), you'll end up with a cool 10 paranoia on people when all's said and done. they will add more paranoia to people using journalist and AI abilities, but if they manage to hit culprits and bring them up to paranoia limit, those people will die so the paranoia won't count towards your gunpowder total. be sure to do math constantly when playing so you know what you can and can't get away with, and when it's time to bet it all on the alien.

it might be good to hide ai's role, at least for a bit, so i put a thousand people in the city if you want to do that. remember if they kill people you put paranoia on it will hamper your ability to win with gunpowder
