flight of the prisoner

tightrope plan
the hidden freak
an absolute will

alien: obstinate
shrine maiden
scientist: killer
informer: friend
forensic specialist
pop idol
class rep: serial killer
boy student: brain

2: serial murder (scientist)
3: a suspicious letter (class rep)
5: the silver bullet (boy student)
6: bestial murder (alien)

advice: The only way the protagonists can avoid the Tightrope Plan loss condition is with the Day 6 incident. To prevent this, either kill the Alien or trigger the Silver Bullet incident. Keep the Friend alive for at least the first loop, so the protagonists won't know if they lost due to Tightrope Plan or The Black School. You will likely be forced to expose the Scientist's goodwill refusal to avoid raising the EX gauge, so one option is to move the Scientist into the School, place intrigue there using the Brain's ability only while the Scientist is also present, and to otherwise ignore the Killer and Brain's abilities. This will aid you in the Final Guess by making the Scientist look like the Brain, but is a risky bluff. Another is to have the Scientist start with an Intrigue and use a forked intrigue threat between the School and Scientist to activate the Killer's ability, but this may reveal too much information. The only roles you can potentially hide for the Final Guess are the Killer, Brain, and Friend, and with a Serial Killer running around and only eight characters total, hiding the Friend may be a tall order. On later loops, if the protagonists have realized they're in Tightrope Plan, you may want to Forbid Paranoia on the Scientist or the Class Rep at first, to ensure that the day 2 and 3 incidents can't both occur.

Flavor: An investigator has stumbled upon the scoop of the century -- a secret government program experimenting on captive aliens. Breaching security, she enables one to escape, but the lab director and his son are hunting them. If the government is able to neutralize the breach before she can reveal the threat she poses to the world, the future will refuse to change. There may be casualties, but the truth of the alien presence must be exposed.

source: http://www.tragedylooperscripts.com/scripts/155/mastermind
